Cold outreach email to a university student that may be interested in enrolling in CodePath courses offered at their campus in the near future. Imagine the audience is a university student, and you want to introduce them to the class. An outline might be:
- An intro paragraph explaining what CodePath is.
- Value props to the student include:
  > The class empowers you to build iOS apps! (check out blog.codepath.com for examples)
  > Training is used at Facebook, Airbnb, and other top Silicon Valley companies
  > Career matching opportunities if you do well in the course
- We want to bring these courses to campuses all around the world
- Link to our website to learn more and signup for our classes

======

Hi there,

CodePath aims to bring technology courses from Silicon Valley to campuses worldwide. We have spent years training senior engineers and designers from companies like Facebook, Dropbox, and Google on the latest technologies in mobile and web development. We combine accountability, mentorship, focused curriculum, and peer collaboration on hands-on projects to equip engineers--whether beginners or those who have experience-- with the skills they need and prepare them for the thousands of opportunities in tech companies in Silicon Valley as well as other tech hubs.

We have an upcoming iOS development bootcamp in the University of Washington this Fall, which starts at September 25, 2017 and we'd love for you to be a part of it! The goal of this bootcamp is fairly simple-- we want to ramp you up on everything you need to know about iOS development in just 8 weeks. We are confident that anyone that completes the course will be able to comfortably build any app apart from games. You can check out the projects of our alumni at blog.codepath.com. 

We want to bridge the gap between school and industry. We have had many alumni transition to full-time iOS engineering roles smoothly after completing this program, and if you do well in the course, we would most likely match you with career opportunities with top Silicon Valley companies.

Is this something you might be interested in? You can read more about this through our website, www.codepath.org, where you can also sign up. If you have any questions, feel free to shoot me an email.
 
Hope to have you onboard,
Tim Lee
CodePath, Co-founder
